DOCS-912 NO DATA + Grouping (#7596)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/monitors/monitor_types/metric.md

**Note**: It is recommended that you set the missing data window to at least two times the evaluation period.

Alternatively, if you are monitoring a metric over an auto-scaling group of hosts that stop and start automatically, notifying for no data would produce a lot of notifications. For this case, you should not enable notifications for missing data. This option does not work if it is enabled at a time when data has not been reporting for a long period.

##### Grouping

> For grouped alerts, if a tag has been absent for 24 hours the monitor starts to skip evaluations and the bar in the results page stays green. Likewise, when there is no data and groups start reporting again, then the green bar showing an `OK` status backfills to make it look like there was no interruption.

Reviewer: This only applies if `notify on no data` is set to false. Group retention isn't always 24 hours, in some cases it can be extended for certain customers. 

Can we say:
> For a monitor that does not notify on missing data, if a group does not report data, the monitor skip evaluations and will eventually drop the group. During this period, the bar in the results page stays green. Likewise, when there is data and groups start reporting again, then the green bar showing an `OK` status backfills to make it look like there was no interruption.

> For grouped alerts, if a tag has been absent for 24 hours the monitor starts to skip evaluations and the bar in the results page stays green. Likewise, when there is no data and groups start reporting again, then the green bar showing an `OK` status backfills to make it look like there was no interruption.

Author: ```suggestion
For a monitor that does not notify on missing data, if a group does not report data, the monitor skip evaluations and eventually drops the group. During this period, the bar in the results page stays green. When there is data and groups start reporting again, the green bar showing an OK status and backfills to make it look like there was no interruption.
```

> For a monitor that does not notify on missing data, if a group does not report data, the monitor skip evaluations and eventually drops the group. During this period, the bar in the results page stays green. When there is data and groups start reporting again, the green bar showing an OK status and backfills to make it look like there was no interruption.

Author: ```suggestion
For a monitor that does not notify on missing data, if a group does not report data, the monitor skips evaluations and eventually drops the group. During this period, the bar in the results page stays green. When there is data and groups start reporting again, the green bar shows an OK status and backfills to make it look like there was no interruption.
```
